Speaker 1  0:00  
You You You You I Think Think You

Speaker 2  3:19  
this case is Uh I I think I Think You I think

Speaker 3  6:00  
I Think You You You You Yeah, I You You You Oh,

Khaniff Lau  10:42  
You You You Yo, Brother, how's it going?

Scott Ng  11:44  
Yeah, hey, you still look the same man, yeah, after so many years. My God,

Khaniff Lau  11:49  
I think you are the one that looks the same like I look a lot older.

Speaker 4  11:56  
No, I look a lot older as well.

Khaniff Lau  11:58  
Brother, you're looking good. Anyway. How's your kids?

Speaker 5  12:02  
Mama, Lau one PSLE and the other one sector,

Khaniff Lau  12:07  
I got a new newborn, newborn, seven months now.

Speaker 6  12:12  
How is it? How's your father journey?

Khaniff Lau  12:17  
Yeah, not bad, not bad. I think could be worse. I think I got a slightly easier baby. She's, she's not so fussy, so on. So, okay, helps with my journey. But yeah, it's, it's been interesting.

Speaker 7  12:31  
Is that so, okay, normal Lau. I mean, normal Lau. What can you expect of a welter?

Khaniff Lau  12:42  
Anyway, on my end, right, I've been working on this project for the past few months with some people. It's a side project, but it's an interesting one. Basically, it helps people use AI agents. So we're trying to target small businesses and trying to understand whether there's a use case in in real estate, Lau in property. So I wanted to hear from you, number one, whether the features that we are thinking of building are going to be useful, and whether and what your pain points are in the industry, what the current workflows look like and so on, right? So maybe we start with your pain points, and then after that, I can share with you what some of the ideas we have for what we want to help with. And then, yeah, we can review from there

Speaker 8  13:41  
can

Khaniff Lau  13:43  
Yeah, so over to you. Tell me, you know now nowadays, your day to day, in terms of listing, managing clients and so on, what are the biggest kind of like pain points or blockers for for you guys, that technology can potentially help with, or maybe don't even think about technology just like pinpoints in general.

Speaker 5  14:05  
Actually, there is no, there's not much of a pinpoint for for me, lah, I would say that generally, for most welters, the pinpoint has always been, been more of I mean, generally speaking, for most of the welters, I would say that their pinpoint is consistent prospecting. But when it comes to managing, handling, that one is still not so bad.

Khaniff Lau  14:31  
Yeah, right, okay, so in terms of making a difference, it's just canvassing and getting more customers, yes, correct, and maybe automating that stuff. I heard something similar from from a few other folks as well. When you say getting more customers and more leads, can I, can I safely say it's, it's just helping with marketing, or is there something beyond this,

Speaker 5  15:03  
I think different people have different ways to prospect, lah, there is no one way to there is no one type way to prospect. Basically, it's more of a 360 kind of of how, how, how people generally want to prospect and how they want to manage their lead.

Khaniff Lau  15:22  
Can we talk about you specifically, like, what would help you as an A as a realtor, and then what you think would help the masses?

Speaker 9  15:37  
How I why again? Can you repeat

Khaniff Lau  15:39  
a question again? Okay, so two parts, right? I want to know about you specifically, and then I want to know about generally. So, like, what you've seen in the industry that people struggle with so if we talk about you specifically in terms of how you market, what would help you the most if you had a and a P PA to go and do your things right? Yeah. What would that

Speaker 5  16:05  
be if I have a PA? Actually, I don't really need a PA, okay. The reason I say this right is because every client now, everyone who come up our way right, would need some form of personalization, yep, so we can't really leave it to say an AI chatbot, yeah, you know, do this, Hey, you give me just a few seconds. Can because I need to reply a Client quickly. Hold on. I on I I'm

Speaker 10  17:46  
you Okay, yeah, sorry, yeah, no worries,

Khaniff Lau  18:13  
yeah, so you're saying yeah, yeah.

Speaker 5  18:17  
Also, I was, as I mentioned. It's more of a 360 experience. There is no one way, fixed way, to manage various leads or prospects, yeah, because it's the personalized touch. Yeah, it's more of the personalized touch.

Khaniff Lau  18:37  
But I'm wondering what does anything to help you? Yeah, manage them rather than interacting directly with the customer. You know, I mean, like, if there's some, let's say there's a workflow that's taking out a lot of time, like you said, okay, so leads prospecting is one of them, you know, getting more inbound, getting more inquiries. But what about in the way that you manage your clients? Everything is okay. If something can help with marketing, help you with socializing. Is that useful

Speaker 5  19:13  
marketing, socializing, that aspect? Yes, perhaps okay. So what I do right now, right? Is a few things. One is content creation. I think generally, most up to date relatives have to do that. Yeah, right. I mean, I mean, that's also the reason why I also jump over to kW and not stick with the previous two agencies, because I was through EIA and prop next, right? So they're already the two biggest Unfortunately, these two companies, although you hear a lot about them across, you know, Singapore, right? It's just that they are running very traditional sales models, yeah. So their general direction is a lot of direct selling, right? And they go with a numbers game. So in short, the company doesn't have a very strong doesn't have a very strong framework, right? Whereby they have, you know, where their welters are all positioned, alright? To do more presence, more more presence branding. Yeah, yes, correct. So to them, it's a numbers game. They believe that everybody you know should run their own, alright, and then just generally, just sell and just transact. Basically, they focus a lot more on the methods, yeah, to get the highest to get the most commission. Okay? So this is one thing that I cannot conquer, be honest, because I struggled to, I struggled to, to adhere to this part, yeah, because I'm not a very commission driven person. Yeah, I'm more of a relationship building person, yeah, I believe that all businesses are long term a lot of agents, right? They tend to drop out very easily. Maybe they made it for a very short while, but then they tend to be complacent, yeah, thereafter is because they don't see any longevity in their business. They only just see the money. They see the money. So that's why, right? They become inconsistent, basically, right? And then when they decide to jump back in, it's just like a movie star, you know, not, not a movie star is just like a famous singer, you know, all those like, like from, from America, or even for Hong Kong, once they taper off, correct, they'll start to run a world tour or Asia tour, right? Because I have time to make money, yeah. But you see the issue over here, right is that there are other singers that made it in a shorter period of time, and the reason for that right is because they have been more consistent through and throughs in terms of their presence, in terms of maybe turning out a live shows, talks, you know, maybe appearing as cameos in movies and such as presence is all about presence. So if you ask me, Why, generally, across all businesses, right? It's a matter of consistent presence, correct? And the words that you say represents and personifies what you sell, basically, right? But you don't need to sell in this age, in this coming Asian and generation, direct selling is no longer the key. Yeah, I would say it's what you suggest, what you say, what kind of words? Oh, wait, right to other people, that makes you sound like the expert, naturally, that's where all your leads come from, right? Rather than you try to sell the product, yes, no doubt you need a product to sell, alright, but not necessarily every time. It has to be the methodology of trying to sell and then trying to get the most sales out of it, right? Okay. So, having said that, I would say generally the pinpoint, the real pinpoint, is consistently delivering a presence. Gotcha? Yes, okay. Now that is, that is right. Now the reason why kW, okay, I joined kW, okay, there's a short thing about kW. KW is, is the reason I joined them is because one very simple reason, the person helming KW is Melvin Lim, or property Lim brothers, yep. Okay, and this is his new franchise he bought into Singapore. KW is Keller Williams, so they are the number one real estate agency in America, okay, so EIA is American franchise, right? So this is the second American franchise that Melvin Lim brought in, okay, and apparently in America, this is the number one, and they are Keller William worldwide, Lau. They have a very robust system in place. Their system is more skilled towards two things, one, branding and positioning, two, CRM, customer relationship management. Okay, so this is the fantastic thing about them, because I think they're very heavily invested in Salesforce. So basically they they customize their, their their CRM, yeah, very well, okay, and the CIM is very pro real estate agent, correct, and without the need to fumble over branding, marketing and positioning, okay? They have a lot of guidelines over there. They have they even collaborated together Canva, so Canvas only collaboration in the real estate sector is only kW anywhere else, right? So this is a very recent thing. This is a more recent note. And so basically, right? This is where KW is towards the digital Welter, more content creation, more of branding positioning, more of creativity, right? So they are them there already. They're supposed to put that II login into their system. And I was amazed. Got it because calculations are tools and calculations correct and lead prospecting basically Correct. Are things that any welters can do. The one that I mentioned are the one thing that most welters cannot consistently do and practice correct is presence. Right. You need to maintain a presence. Few ways to go about doing that. One, you get out there, alright, show yourself up more in the media, yeah, right, in various medias, okay. Two, keeping your your existing leads growing and updated, right? And that's CRM, I would say these are the two key components to basically any business, basically any business, yeah. So to me, for most of the agents struggle, correct? The struggle is usually in these two because most of them are number one, not CEOs, not managing directors of some previous company, not CEOs. Don't come from most of them don't come from a marketing background. Most of them don't come from an advertising background, so they don't understand the key mechanics of what makes a business successful. Lastly, the mindset, most of them don't understand that this is a business, right? Most of them see themselves as sales people. So in big agencies, correct, a good more than 90% right, think that they are sales people. For me, right in the last 12 years, I see this as a business, yeah, yes. In fact, I see as a people business, yeah, to be honest, I don't really see as a property business. I see more like a people business, because in and out of my conversations with a lot of clients, also involves business solutioning. We may be a broker or property, but through my own experience, you are able to help them broker other deals to get there, but it's considered extra mile. Help. Consider as you can tap into my network, you know, consider that I'm trying to give you a lend you a helping hand. Consider that I had previous prior experiences advising in advertising, right and now I can advertise to how your business can be better, you know, something like that. So I am the broker of all sorts. I am the people connector. I'm the the person that always been, been seen, maybe in networking and businesses and various, you know, that kind of thing. So the angle is different versus maybe other agents. But, I mean, there are if people like me, but I won't say that I account for the huge majority.

Khaniff Lau  27:02  
Got it, got it. So yours is more like the modern, the modern realtor, almost,

Speaker 5  27:08  
yes, and I've been practicing this for the last 12 years, primarily because I didn't try to adopt any of whatever the big agencies have been adopting. I've already started this since day one, my own methods. I didn't adopt any of the methods. I mean, you've been an agent before, when I step into it, right? All the courses were all you have, you don't know, have you cold call? Yeah. Have you done road shows? Have you Canvas have Have you done the hyping? Basically, in short, no, I have not done all right, but I've scaled way better than whatever you have actually told me, because these are very backdated methods, and I in the advertising area have already reached out way more in other methods than all this. Yeah. So the position is different. So basically, when I come to kW, my positioning with kW is just online.

Khaniff Lau  27:59  
When did you join them.

Speaker 5  28:01  
Oh, very recently. Only KW is only since the inception of kW in Singapore. Is only since June, mid June. Oh, so it's very mid June, only, yeah, very new, very new. They consider a startup, yeah. But Melvin Lim, the name itself and how he want to run the company, I think it's already a success story, Lau, because PLB is everywhere on YouTube. He's is a YouTube presence. His social media presence is extremely strong. Got it, and he has already scaled in the last five years into seven businesses, really. And it's all ecosystem. It's like lender development, you know, HDB market, everything you can think of, everything. He has a media company. He has a top tech company. He has everything he he whatever he earns. He has actually reinvested back, and now he has become an ecosystem. Understand, so it's a this guy is a visionary. You know? He's he doesn't do things like other people. Buy down a franchise, sit back and relax. Yeah, buy a numbers game. Employ sales people, let them run on a direct MLM kind of structure in kW side, things doesn't run this way. So this is the one thing that I think is changing to disrupt Singapore. Basically, in short, the only thing that kW doesn't have, which they can only teach, right, which they can only guide and teach, I would say, is how you want to run your contents, and how you want to position yourself out there, basically. So they have a guideline that forces you through, you know, some some steps frameworks whereby you know you have to go and get your content running. Do you have a Tiktok persons? Do you have a IG, correct? Maybe Facebook is more outdated towards the older group, the demographics. What are the kind of people you should be aiming at and such. So I would say those, is those right now, right now, at the moment, alright, are in it's not very firm stage because, because most agents, as I mentioned, even if they cross over to kW, correct, does not have a one and proven lead generation system. At the same time, also do not have a proven correct presence in the media

Khaniff Lau  30:04  
lead generation system, something that they've like. Every individual has to go and work on by themselves, right? But in in PW, do they have a kind of structure for it? They have, they have, so you're talking about CRM. That's one part, right? That's managing

Speaker 5  30:25  
CRM is actually more of your own self, your own self. Put up your CRM. You want to integrate it with Zapier. You want to integrate it with MailChimp. You want to integrate it with all and feedback forms or automated forms to maybe WhatsApp business and whatsoever those, those in their kW system already have it right, because they are using Salesforce, yeah, understand basically, because they are already working together with Salesforce, and Salesforce customize the whole system to kW and is accessible worldwide, so that You can be a digital nomad, you can actually run your business in another country, and you still can respond to other people. You still can blast messages, you still can blast EDMS, you still can blast social media contents correct, using via Canva and such, right? But it's almost a one stop for already got it so

Khaniff Lau  31:20  
the sales prospect, prospecting you're talking about is more like advertising, more like on, you know, on socials, blasting, blasting your your content on socials, is what you're saying. And then, on the other hand, there's also presence, which is by when you say presence. Do you mean social media presence? Do you mean presence everywhere,

Speaker 5  31:45  
every day, social media presence, correct, of course, as I mentioned, it's a 360 Yeah, right. You have to be there. I mean, you have to be there. You have to give webinars, you have to give seminars. You have to be there for networking events. You have to on social media. You need to have some presence, at least across most channels, alright, long form content, short form content, you know, print media, perhaps, perhaps you might want to consider, we, we may consider pre media, like flyers, Yeah, or like mailers, but okay for me generally, but I'm, I'm the kind of person that do not believe in, in, in print media, because generally, I know that everybody has a smartphone on their hand, yeah. So most of the time, if you go over to the letterbox, you just going to throw away most of the stuff that's actually inserted inside your notebooks. I mean, let's be very honest about this, lah, right. So those are the kind of things I do not touch because it's a waste of money. It's a waste of effort. I also do not believe in standing by some MRT or, you know, underneath some HDB block. Yeah, right, to do canvassing, because it's also a waste of my time. For me, my formula has always been very simple. Use the least amount of time to gather the most amount of leads. I believe in people door knocking on me rather than I don't knock on people, right? So the position is different, so the targeted methods used is also different, yeah. And for me, my personal pain point is having a consistent team correct to do my socials, yeah, to film my presence, to to take photos, to take videos of my presence and then managing my presence, yeah, okay, managing my presence takes time and skill, because you have to be the one who knows what kind of content you want to talk about. You have to be the one that that helps with the script, and then, you know, you can pass it on to the team to actually produce a script for you, create someone to plan your schedule and your content, okay? Scott, for example, like this week, we have a set of contents you want to roll out. Maybe it's all in five categories, correct, Four Ws and one page Correct. Why did you, why did you become a real estate agent, right?

Khaniff Lau  33:56  
Do you think your your posture and positioning is applies to a majority of of the real estate agents because I think yours is quite it seems quite more like the Delete elite level uh mindset and thinking right now. But it's

Speaker 5  34:14  
because I own businesses before, yeah, but, but, but,

Khaniff Lau  34:18  
ideally, every uh property agent should be trying to do something like this, right?

Speaker 5  34:25  
Ideally, speaking, at KW level. I think prop next, and EIA recently has been trying to endorse something like that recently, only very recently, but I think they're not, they're not, they're not, they're not hard pressing it enough like, for example, like in kW side, right? They have passed this a lot more because they they are. Their tagline in Kwi is turning relatives into into entrepreneurs. That's their direction already. KW Singapore, like the direction is cast in stone, right? Their vision is very straightforward. They want to turn every relatives into an entrepreneur. So everything that they guide is in the entrepreneur mindset. Like running a business. How would you have run this business? What is the marketing angle? Yeah, they want to train people. But the fortunate part about this right now, because it's still very early, right, is that the people who came to kW, more or less, are very specialized, seasoned welters, like, for example, the the bet is only about 100. And, you know, right now, it's only just 100 out of, like a two and a half months, right? It has already grown to 100 people inside this 100, I realized half, more than half, are actually somewhat quite famous already in Singapore. And they all use various methods. They are known figures in Tiktok. They are very known figures in in, you know, YouTube, right? They are, they already have a presence. They already have a form of media presence already. They have, like, some of them you don't got, like, what, 30, over 1000 to 50, over 1000 followers already, right? I'm sure, I'm sure. But they are way younger than I am, okay? So second thing, ah, age also does play a part. Okay, young people, you want to talk to someone older. Okay, young people can convince you to buy a condo, buy brand new launch. Because, you know, like all the media hype and such are you want to look cool bachelor's pet. You want to do up the whole place with neon lights and such. You want to do? I mean, yeah, sure, I can understand that. Everybody want to showcase the youngsters these days. Want to showcase the five Cs. They are more 5c hell bent on hell on 5c more than maybe people in the people with a family, because people with a family will prioritize savings, yeah, rather than than spending unnecessarily, right? Okay, so we have different age demographics, we have different kind of targeted audience that we want to reach out. So I share with you first, right? My target audience are business owners. Okay, I don't, I won't I. For me, I'm very specific. I wouldn't want to try to reach out to someone young, unless it's a referral or, you know, maybe this person that I've met, his his nephew, or whosoever has a property that they are intending to purchase. Okay, then one, I can work on it the problem. I can guide your nephew or your knees on it right? But the people I meet generally right, I would say it's a good 35 and above. 35 and above because our maturity, the things that we talk about, right, the financial mindset is already there, yeah, right. Be that you are already someone financially savvy. Be it that you just got married and want to save up more, be that you have a family, be that you want to invest, be that you have a real business owner, right? So for me, right? Generally, it's the 35 and above, all the way up to maybe, say, 55 or 60 Yeah, so this is actually my age demographics that I talk to. And for me, I want to position a cover, and because I know that I'm covering this part right. I have already filtered out certain properties that I don't concentrate on. One HDB. That means I you will not see my presence in the HDB market. Got it okay? Because I am not a HDB agent, yeah. So when people see me correct, they will not think our score is HDb, yeah. So when people see me generally, they only think of a few things. One, private residential, generally, in general, right? We're talking about, like, condos to London, two commercial so commercial properties is the one that I focus a lot more on. Yeah, we're talking about grade A offices. We're talking about strata offices. We're talking about FMB sports. We're talking about, you know, generally, most commercial buildings are okay, and industrial B ones and these twos. So I like, I personally like, and I carve my message, my media and everything correct my focus and my CRM mostly to commercial people, basically business owners and investors. So these are the circle that I will be seeing, mingling with, maximizing my own presence.

Khaniff Lau  38:40  
Yeah, can I understand more about your tech stack, like what tools and technology or apps that you, you know, rely on for your business, without which is hard for you to run?

Speaker 5  38:55  
Okay, straight off my mind, I can surely tell you Adobe Creative Suite. I have the full suite, yeah, year on year, right? That's for myself. And then, as for for I'm already using WhatsApp business, yeah. And then I use meta, of course, for ads, I have all the chat messaging platforms. I you combine all of them together, because all of the chat messaging platforms runs very differently and have their own tech and have their own system of replies and emoticons. Map wise, I use one map because it shows very specifically in Singapore down to the building and the size and the shape and the direction. Then for real estate, prop Tech, I have always stuck. I have always subscribe and start to square foot. And each pop anyway, they are both the same H pop, right then CRM wise is I'm, I don't really have a fixed CRM. So before I went into Kwi, I have a manual CRM. Instead, I use my phone list, because I'm a Apple, Apple ecosystem, correct? So I already sort out everything inside my apple contacts accordingly already. So it's actually quite easy for me to search the context. The only issue is that I cannot blast. I cannot blast to a selected group because I'm only using one phone, I'm not using two phones, right? Okay, for the So, basically, I'm actually trying to cut short on trying to update people on WhatsApp. I am recently thinking about Telegram, because Telegram, I still can group people together into a community, but Right? I know, I know WhatsApp, you can do community. But I feel, I feel, I personally like that very few people want to communitize in in WhatsApp. La, right. It's much easier to do telegram. And also, perhaps I might be interested to also look at, maybe, say, AI bots for Telegram, correct, to blast out certain news, scheduled news and such, so that one is one venue, alright, to keep my community, my tribe,

Khaniff Lau  41:03  
right, interesting. So Aren't they on? If they're on WhatsApp, then you'll be inviting them into telegram like that's what

Speaker 5  41:10  
you mean. No choice, because telegram have more features, correct that you know that you can actually tap on. Then what's that? Whatsapp has very limited features.

Khaniff Lau  41:21  
Okay, got it so you're about to start there, yeah,

Speaker 5  41:25  
but if WhatsApp has, of course, I rather everybody stick to WhatsApp. La, right, yeah, understand, before you go and jump to app and lose your, lose your, you know, continuity, and then the rest of it is all the very standard fog tech tool star, right? I mean, I have, like, property guru, madinai.co Yeah, I have a Metapod, because I own the Metapod cameras, and then basically everything else is Microsoft words, Microsoft suite, because of all the documents, sometimes we need to edit them right, and then the rest of it are mostly just post production. Is either video, got it, or, like I mentioned, a video or the Adobe and rental wise, mental wise, I already subscribed to an app already for inventory, inventory, for your inventory. Okay, you know, when you, when you rent out a place, you need to do inspection, right? This one got some stack scratches. You need to let the, you know, tenant and then not need to sign off, right? Yeah. All method you take the photo, you try to compile it in Microsoft Word, correct. Yeah, get both sets to sign slightly more advanced method, you take all the photos, you rename the photos, and then you put them all inside a cloud drive, be it Google Drive or Dropbox. Advanced method, the one I'm using is an app, right? You take the photos of the app, you're on the spot. You can see which room where this marking is. You can label the photo on the spot, alright? And then you can send the link to both sides, yeah. And that link is forever, right, right? For this particular apartment, that's it for this duration. Inventory, yes. So that one I already kind of covered, already. La, yeah, right, whatever it is at the end of the day, right? We try not to focus on the work the worker of doing the property correct, we try to minimize the amount of time there is to it, because it is not our job. Understand it is not our job to or nitty gritty or the inventory or technology. We try to minimize

Khaniff Lau  43:34  
the amount of time. Yeah, yeah. Okay.

Speaker 5  43:37  
So other than that, I only can tell you, generally, I think I think, I personally think I'm already considered very advantage. But, yes, correct. But my only pain point to me is right now trying to find a suitable vendor in a few things, lead generation. I can do paid lead generation, alright. But the thing is that person needs to that whoever the vendor is, needs to, number one, understand well property market very well. And two, must have at least some certain degree of creativity and advertising experience, okay, especially in this sector. Two will be post production team that actually follows me around. Think of, think of it as like you're doing a documentary of yourself on Netflix, but you're going to break it down into various short forms and long forms. So these are the two pain points I would say that I personally currently have and probably will want to concentrate more on. As for the you know, having a community Telegram, giving people update, making yourself sound like the expert in a very focused area, let's say commercial offices, for example, correct? Or commercial market. Is it thriving? Are rental use still good, right? Right? Given that it is bought, it is, you know, the the prices have already hit as such. Is it still lucrative to invest now in the new these are the kind of topics you want to talk about, pinpoints, right? That part not yet explored, would love to but maybe much later, not now. Is, I would say I am rebuilding. I'm trying to rebuild my presence kW into the commercial sector. Because no one in kW wants to do that. Everybody will just want to the, yeah, do the residential, you know, which, to be honest, I think all the fishes are swimming in the same ocean. I'm, I'm a blue ocean kind of person, so I never believe in swimming.

Khaniff Lau  45:19  
Understand. Okay, let me run through some of the features that I know a lot of this may not apply to you, but if you could help me rank them in terms of, like, Okay, this would at least be useful. This is not useful at all. So like, top, top rank, bottom rank. And if, let's say, there are some specific features, like some of those you mentioned, you can include those later as well. Okay, so I have four features that we've been talking about. I think we are largely off on all of them. You know, if we are talking about catering to the elite level property agent like yourself. But let's run through them. Okay, the first one is managing meetings. So meetings, a lot of agents have discussions with their with their clients, and in terms of capturing that discussion, summarizing it, and getting kind of like, send the summaries directly to your telegram, is that something relevant. Okay, this is 112, okay, so it's like a meeting summarizer delivered to your telegram or to your WhatsApp. Then the second one is auto arranging of viewings, maybe some Calendly automation, something like that. Third one is sorting and prioritizing your leads within a certain ecosystem. So maybe within WhatsApp, you have a lot of clients. Within Telegram, you have a lot of conversations. How do you you know, kind of like highlight and help you to target which are the top conversations that will yield the most value and are the most urgent, something like that. And then the fourth one is something to help you socialize your marketing or your influential content by an by an agent. So maybe this is some kind of automation that connects to Instagram, to x or to whatever, whatever social platforms. And then it maybe it helps you to schedule your your content, and helps you to even ideate what content, and maybe you write some blurbs. Yeah, so of the four, which do you think is maybe top of mind or most relevant, most useful in today's real estate market. And then which are, okay?

Speaker 5  47:46  
Yeah, you can ask me like one by one, yeah.

Khaniff Lau  47:49  
So the meeting Digester, Su and, and

Speaker 11  47:58  
they're talking about in short agenda,

Khaniff Lau  48:01  
agenda, so post, post meeting, post meeting agenda, post meeting agenda, reflections and follow up.

Speaker 5  48:09  
If I already have already labeled, what's, you know when we go for, when we go for meetings like that, if I'm using Apple, right? Yeah, I will just turn on my voice recorder. Uh huh, okay. I will put okay. You know, most agents, okay, maybe they don't know. Okay. For me, I will do this. I have, I have a hololen set of mics, a, what? I have a, I have a holy land set of mics, okay, okay, it's magnet one, yeah. So I will clip one on myself, and I'll clip another on my client, yeah? And I tell them my this purpose is just to record down our discussion. Yeah, that one will go inside my apple recording memo. Okay, you know that the memo can be converted into text. Oh, transcription, yeah, yes, yes, correct. So actually, that part is already done, so I keep that part right and I will put them into the CRM as under my this client. So whatever I actually go through with my client, I update, you know, like a doctor's file. You know, when you go and see a doctor, and then you write down, what is the thing that you actually can follow up, right? Right, right? Yeah, it's actually I already got, I kind of have already gone through this

Khaniff Lau  49:16  
step, okay, and then so that one is then not relevant, right? Okay, so yeah, because

Speaker 5  49:21  
the fastest way is to record, I don't have the kind of time to type, because when you type in front of somebody,

Khaniff Lau  49:25  
right? I meant record. But so usually what people do is they record the meeting, right? And then after that, the notes, digested notes get sent to you via telegram. Is that a useful feature, or is that something maybe not so relevant to you? Wow.

Speaker 5  49:41  
That one, if you can transcript and transcribe what we have already gone through within minutes after our meeting, I give it to you. It's good. That one is really that one. I would say it's good, not bad. I think you can go into this angle if you are trying to develop on this. I think it's it's not bad. It's a very good suggestion, okay? Because it leaves people thinking that, wow, whatever. We have just talked like, correct? They can, they can also, you know, but you know, you must give some. You need to give some. I mean, you have to set some instructions. Not everybody like me, you know, one so hardworking. Got the one? This kind of mic, Lau, you know, the transceiver can receive two people's audio into one call and everything, and then all goes into my phone. And then, you know, it helped to kick down audio memo, yeah, of course, some people, you can say, Lau, you can, you can record down whatever you write down in the minutes into point forms, and then everything else will be helped to transcribe into a report that can be sent into a link for a client, I think link is the most important thing, right, right? Because clients always tend to keep the links you they I don't think they appreciate that you blast them one very long text on your whatsapp and yeah, or, you know, like a PDF, PDF format would look good, but I won't say it's a must, because it takes up space in the phone. So usually, from what I've seen these days, doing links are sending them links, and then that link within the web, right? It's already nicely done up, you know, with your name, with your face, whatever correct you you can call it whatever, Lau, right? Then you can, you can co brand it to the company like kW, yeah, Singapore, right? The the person who whom you met, the consultant that you met is called right as such, correct? This, the meeting, meeting meeting minutes is as such, okay, with whom and whom, Tom, and then there's link only dedicated to the person, the person CEO. And then, at the same time, right? If you have something like that, and then you have like boxes underneath, you know, like, for example, these are content management system already, yeah, right. It's like WordPress, it's like, it's like Facebook post. It's like a forum post. Today, you see this thing, and then you can set the next box, reply and give me a few days time I can update you whatever updates. Correct? It's between quiet, between the salesperson and between the prospect, right? And then you you get to see all your updates, from the meeting minutes to next one. What I'm going to advise you, palmu, okay, as attach all the documents, or you can also attach up a graphic, and then you can, but it's only just solely dedicated between two people. Now you can take this link. You can take this link of whatever we transponder, okay, it's encrypted. You can share this thing with other people whom you want to get second opinion from, no problem. You want to take this link and you want to share with some other people. Can no problem. You see like that, right? It's better than I show a video if I send you a video, for example, if today we we record this entire zoom into a video, yeah, and I want to come back and go and think about, hey, what I just discussed. This quote, you know, the thing is, I still need to go through the minutes. I don't even know which minute, which second we had this topic about, right? It's not like YouTube, you know, you get to go and choose and segment which chapter you want to put in. Instead, everything is in the form of a link. Everything is in the form of this, date, time stamp, this, this post, my reply, um, you know, can attach graphic whatever. Like Facebook like for one is that basically it's a form style, right? If you can do something like that from the time that we need transcribe into a minute in the form of a link, I tell you, that is extremely Fantastic.

Khaniff Lau  53:09  
Okay, okay, good, that's good to know. Okay, then the next feature, right?

Speaker 5  53:13  
Then I think, and I also think that this feature also works for people in the sales line, generally, insurance,

Khaniff Lau  53:18  
Yeah, agreed. That's kind of like why I was thinking, hey, this could be interesting, but it's good to know it's validated by you. So the next one is something more like viewing arranger. So a lot of agents have a lot of viewings, having it off, handing it to to AI agent to help to set up and All That Is that something you're already doing.

Speaker 5  53:45  
No, I don't. The reason I don't do this is because people's timing are very everybody have various different timings. Yeah, sometimes they even change the timing last minute. Sometimes they don't even they are late. Okay, so if we leave everything to a AI chat bot to go and help to do the scheduling. I think it's going to be a mess that one I personally, I prefer to personally type in. I will not missing one. I will not miss it, even if I drive I have a message that that I need to meet at something and something like that. Correct. I'm already using, I'm already utilizing reminders. I will send reminders straight away the moment, the moment correct? We confirm down a meat, right? I think I mean, basically for Apple, I'm not so sure about enjoy Apple if you actually Converse via WhatsApp and whatsoever, correct, right? The moment you put in a day and a timer, the where or how, alright, you actually can type on the sentence, and straight away you open up either events, task or reminders already, you actually get to choose. So I set my by default to reminders straight away. I put everything in already be by location, by flag, by priority, by time, by date. How many times I need to be reminded? Reminded before they're all so basically, it's already Apple ecosystem, right? I don't have to fumble over there. I'll be reminded numerous times, from like three days in advance to the day itself, to two hours before, to one hour before, to if I have an hour be half an hour before, to 50 minutes. Got it so I will be reminded many, many times over and over that I will not miss this appointment by hook or by crew. I won't be late for

Khaniff Lau  55:16  
it. Okay? So that one is not, not relatively important. What about the sorting and prioritizing of leads within your your messenger ecosystem.

Speaker 5  55:27  
Messenger ecosystem, WhatsApp business already allows you to prioritize. You can actually set your own labels, or labels, yeah, labels under WhatsApp business, correct? There is this tool called labels. You can set the labels by default. Actually, WhatsApp business is very good, bro. If you have time, you should go and, like, try it out, because it's, it's it's improving, it's improving. And he has already improved to a stage whereby it's considered very, very good. You get to label. You get to choose the label upon each person that you talk to, right? So that the moment you open up your whatsapp, there's already color labels already, you know, yeah, but color

Khaniff Lau  55:59  
labels still, but, but you manually apply those labels, right?

Speaker 5  56:03  
Yeah, but the moment you you see, it's just a click. It's just a click on the person, on the chat, correct, yeah, and then just on that person, and then just applying the labels. I mean, the labels are all there. It's just like sticky notes. You know, understand, lead, follow up, yeah, prospect, right, landlord, and then whatever. Lah, right. Vendor, favorite, okay, so this that, yeah, that Plaza they have, you can create customized you can create customized messages. I don't need to retype out the whole thing. Got it. Got it. Okay, everything already,

Khaniff Lau  56:39  
yeah, what about the last one? Marketing help via agent so socials helping you to schedule and distribute content.

Speaker 5  56:51  
I think the part is you, I think that you might not want to touch into it, because I feel right. Yeah, there's quite a number out there already. Okay, quite a number out there based on subscription. I don't really, I don't really. Can put a finger to which one I want to tell you, because the problem is all of them are app based, ad base at app based, not web app. They are application based. That means they are iOS based on Android based. Yeah, they are not really web app based. And for those that is existing, I didn't really look into them, because when it comes down to content and managing of your social media, yeah, right, you still need the personalized touch, because I have been in the advertising industry before, so I know when you plan, when you plan a campaign, correct? Only you will know your campaign with your team, yeah, and your vendor as well as your client. Now, right? Only, only two groups will know, right? So in a way, you are already trying to manage their presence, already, be it that you buy above the line, below the line, you prepare whatever kind of campaigns for them. Yeah, you can't have this handled by by a medium. This still requires you to personally shift plan, how many times ahead and such, because things might change. I see in social media posts, you can I can share you my post, no problem, because scheduling is already a feature in the social media, I think where you're coming from, right, is more so of people who don't know that, that maybe Facebook and Instagram, Tiktok have these kind of features, right, whereby you can schedule a post ahead, they just don't know but, but I feel that it shouldn't be a feature that you should want to work on. And secondly, right, if you're talking about, oh, one platform helps you to handle the post to when it should be. And then a post across all our Xiao Hong, Soo, also and such, correct, it will cross all and then, you know, you no need to, if you are talking about like, oh, one ad copy, alright, one post copy, but on Xiao Hong, so it automatically becomes Chinese. And then on, on across your English platforms is all English, or you can toggle on which which language you want is multi language, right? Alright, you get to double check on the multi language feature, and you get to edit them a bit because it's already AI for you, alright, but the image and the video content that you want to post in this one post across all multi platforms is the same, right? But the context of it is different. It can be in different languages, if you want a more international audience, if you want that, oh, you have Chinese clients and English clients. Yeah, okay, I think you can do something like that, because this one right, this one right, and it's obvious. It's obvious that your companies are all in competition with each other. They try not to integrate, right? For example, you notice that if you need to post on Facebook and on Instagram, you will not come out on LinkedIn, yeah. You need to retype it in LinkedIn, yeah. And then you have to repost it on LinkedIn, right? And this, that's such a bridge, yeah? Okay, if you are talking about one post, all one can be more personalized and is more corporate for LinkedIn, yeah, okay. And then this is the Chinese personified version, even if, though you're a Malay or Indian, but you want to be on Xiao Hong Su, it helps you become a Chinese Okay, bro, then you can make this platform, I see. So you can make this platform, but if you're talking about scheduling, yeah, oh, I plan the content for you. I think those you can add as add ons, Lau in your own platform, like guidelines, it's more so of a guideline. No need to like our AI guy will our AI chat board will help you to personalize and craft, okay, that's personalized message. I think it's a bit

Khaniff Lau  1:00:23  
difficult correct me wrong by my understanding of what you just said. Right is that you think that for this particular module, the key feature is the adaptation, meaning to say, if you have a core source of content that you generated and created now I want this on a select number of platforms adapted for me. And then, Gotcha, okay, that's good. And then the last two points I think you mentioned, is prospecting and and presence? Is it this? These are the two ones. And prospecting. How do you imagine your Yeah, you, you, you prefer this, this thing, to work prospecting, getting you more clients.

Speaker 5  1:01:09  
Okay, you there is no one box fit all for prospecting, all right, because prospecting is what makes the person, what makes the agent unique. Yep, you guys mean everybody's brand, presence, personality and everything correct on socials, right, are all different. Even when you go down to an event, people know you for who you are. You're really individual self. Ah, they see Scott because Scott hardly smile. They know that. Ah, this, this guy is bloody Scott, really. Lah, right. Oh, Scott only talks about serious contents, you know, the all the topics you talk about is just serious, you know, I give myself a nickname, serious God, just to make them remember me. I mean, these are the kind of things that makes you unique. But you see, yeah, it's very difficult to to collate, collate in terms of an app, something on the lead generation, on the lead generation part because it's unique. The problem here lies with within the fact that every content, alright, is unique? Yeah, yes. It's the thing that sells us differently from another person. Is the unique is the USP, you know, each one of us is a USP, the product may not be a USP, bro, for example, talking about bandwidth condo at Marble drive, there's no not a unique selling product. There's a condo amongst condos. Yes, there's a new development, upcoming, got it. But you have, like, picking 30, over 1000 agents marketing the same shit. Yeah, there's no unique, but the agent marketing it, how they market it, that's unique. Got it. So how you're going to do that? There's no one.

Khaniff Lau  1:02:38  
So actually, the thing that you're talking about, right, if so successful, expecting is important. Presence is important. Actually, it's more or less the same, the same thing, because at the end of the day, how, if there is some kind of, like a mechanism or workflow to help you have continuity in your branding and in your visibility, I think that is going to be your amplifying your USP, right? Yes.

Speaker 5  1:03:03  
But the the, the thing is, the platforms are already out there, you, you, we can't be riding on on other kind of platforms already, yeah, okay, it's a very, it's a very fragmented, you see. So we talk about digital media presence, yeah, digital, okay. We don't talk about television, yeah, or bus media, or whatsoever. Okay, we talk about just digital. Yeah, it's already considered very fragmented, like bro. You want to do Google? You want to be are people tapping on Google? Yeah, people want to know that you have a registered person who people want to read your Google reviews. All these have to be Google, yes. What is Google? Link to YouTube, for example, right? Okay, so these two things are inherently co related. Then after that, you have your meta side, right? You have your Facebook meta, WhatsApp and iG. So these three are bundled together. And then later on, you have your bike done site, which is Tiktok, you know, Tiktok, tapcart topic, which is their bike dance site, right? And then you have your LinkedIn, you know, stand alone for businesses, okay, for example, I told you I want to focus a lot more on promotion. So obviously LinkedIn will be the platform that will also want to concentrate on, right? So you see our segmentation and fermentation is different. Then would I put more efforts on Tiktok? No, yes, I need to have a presence on Tiktok, but probably not a lot, as compared to, you know, the rest. Because I want it to be more corporate. I want people who respect my business, business owners, business owners are more serious people, yeah, okay, they don't talk about emotion. Now, you sell a house, you sell emotion. Oh, cannot spot. I need to sell this because you cannot get this view. I mean, you know this person will not relate. You cannot relate. You tell the person, these are the valuation. They cannot relate. But when you talk to a business owner, they didn't want to. I have this space. I need to rent it out. You help me find a suitable tenant for this space. Then, you know what? This location only? Discount. Yeah, different. I hear you. I hear you. Okay, how you like I mentioned, okay, you can, you can try to. I think the two good ideas that you can have, and I'm not so sure how you're gonna the meeting agenda, yeah, okay, creating it into a form of encrypted private link correspondence is like a chat messaging system, alright? This is the at this person at this time, this person has already met up with you. Your system allows an upload, your upload of a voice file, or you can actually key in the point, and then the thing will create your first meeting agenda with the timestamp. If you use the audio even better still, if your audio can be transcribed AI into timestamps. This, you know, this person still at what? 10:05am the sentence come out like that. At 1006 the replies like that. You know, at 1007, the replies like that, yeah, Ah, wow. Largely better still. Okay, if you can do it like that, and then automatically can scribes into a text, and then you can do a follow up. You can put all your replies your customer relationship management will then move from Salesforce or whatever, or prevail, or whatever out there into your system already, because you are simplifying the CRM room. Your CRM is not about keeping people's database. Yes, granted, you can always do an add on. You can always improvise on that part much, much later on your My account, I put in my client, and then this client correct the general you can put categories of why I met this client Correct. I click into this client which day. I can choose which date, correct. Our meeting happened. I click into it, I know. I can set responses. It's like a project management. Basically, you're creating your CRM to be like a project management. And then you click everybody's responses over there. You can upload the audio file. It transcribes into a meeting minutes. It can become a dedicated link that can be shared between the client and, yeah, ah, you want to do something like that. I give it to you. I give it to you because you are actually simplifying Salesforce. Yeah, you're not out there to create like Salesforce. You're not out there to all because you put in all your clients and such. This is your ROI this is your campaign budget. Is what I need to see. Gives the time bracket you no need to do until like so elaborate. This not a project management tool, nor a CRM tool. This is something like, like mini CRM, yeah, but more direct, more direct in the reply features and shareable links. Yes.

Khaniff Lau  1:07:19  
Okay, got it. What was the other one? Yeah, the

Speaker 5  1:07:22  
other one, right. It's just, I told you, if you can create one platform now you can post to LinkedIn. All these are adaptation. LinkedIn is copper, ah, then the text is adaptation. Maybe you can put a generic one. You can upload the media, you can type the text. Then the AI will help you to go and figure out according to your content that you uploaded, according to the pointers that you said, then they'll craft copper. One for LinkedIn, more copper, one less bullshit. Facebook, all these are correct. Can be something funnier. Wow. You can even integrate your home. So I give it to you. You must know you're working. These are all different, competitive, rival companies in the social media space. They will not see an integration with each other if you can put one platform and do all this, but I can tell you, it's heavy work, heavy investment, heavy capital, heavy work, you can do something like that. I give you, I give you another thumbs up. Got it, got it okay. Because you know why I have a lot of ideas, bro. Yeah, I have tons of ideas, since I came from digital marketing and advertising, right? You bloody bro. Also, I would love to create all this kind of shit, but these are not my

Khaniff Lau  1:08:23  
focus. Yeah, I hear you. I hear okay, that that's honestly, that's a gold mine. So appreciate that. Thanks. Thanks for that. I'm sorry I take a lot of your time.

Speaker 5  1:08:35  
Really, is already no Lau, no, though today, today, I'm just staying back home to just do some of my follow ups before tomorrow going to happen. So, so I'm okay. I'm okay. Luckily, today we set for today, yeah, but if it's like, wow, you're talking about the last four days. No, no, I have no capacity. I was in and

Khaniff Lau  1:08:54  
out too busy. Where are you based now? Where am I now? Yeah, this is income Sengkang, actually quite near La I mean Tampines. Lah, yeah, yeah, okay. Lah, when we again catch up for Kopi?

Speaker 5  1:09:06  
Lah, actually, there's a few people staying in Tampines who are in tan, in tan staying in Tampines.

Khaniff Lau  1:09:10  
Also what you stick in touch with all them,

Speaker 5  1:09:13  
bro, aren't we all in a group chat, or in that group chat, pay attention to pay attention to our own batch

Khaniff Lau  1:09:22  
mission. Didn't

Speaker 5  1:09:24  
say anything about me. This kind of thing is whether you want to meet them in person or not, or not. Okay, like for Intan, yeah, for Intan, how I saw her in person is because the last time when Christian was in Singapore, he organized a class reunion, a school reunion, not class school union, right? That's how the group chat came about. Yeah, the first one because he, he tried to pull the people that he has been in touch with from e2 and e5 he put them in right. Then the people I'm in touch with, I also try to put them in. Then the people they are in touch with, they try to put everybody back inside here, right? Okay. Then after that, everybody agree. Very long time having seen each other, everybody must have aged already last, since it's close to more than 20 over years. Then they have a reunion. Then in tan suggested, Why not do it? At that time, she was working for a boss, there's this something like, like a barbecue, a restaurant for Hala one, okay, at busoa Street. Okay, so we all just held it down there, so that's how I saw her. But so, yeah, but no more, no more. Okay, so what happened? What happened is, okay, in and out, we got pet personally, but the chat personally is different. For example, intern is divorced in the midst of us meeting her to later on. All right? Yeah, she was going through a divorce, right? So she got asked me about my opinion about the house. How is it going to display it and such, and at the same time, I also understand that in time, also needs a listening ear. Yeah? Because, because I'm the one married with kids, yeah, yeah, right, maybe some of our classmates are not married. Yeah, she feel more comfortable to share her predicament with me, right, right? I just share with her like, you know how I gave her my support and I told her how we can work around this and how she can get out of the rut. If it alone she has no money. How? Yeah, how's she gonna get a house over her head? All these are free. I don't charge her anything for it, right? And I also understand that she has no money to go and pay commission whatsoever. It's okay, right? I just help her, lend her some advice, lend her a helping hand. So, so it's like that, you know, maybe a lawyer's a lawyers is because I've already met him since covid days, pre covid days to covid days, I really met, met a lawyers, because when he was in the bank, sometimes he forgot how he sent to me. I got things related to the bank. I met business owners. Ma, he's a private banker, right? Of course, he needs to sell what he needs to sell. There are people who want to be in the private world sector. They need an investment, offshore funds and such. Okay, I passed the lawsuit. I got this kind of client. Now, alright, I I'm not the best person to talk to. I think you're the best, but you can talk to him. We try to hook up, we make a hookup, we hook up a meeting. We can talk. Okay, so Cindy. Cindy divorced, come to Singapore, bought a place, but not to me, lah, okay, bought a place, but then they told the ex husband, because the kids are in Singapore. Why the custody is under Cindy, right? The ex husband is those khanina, like fucking mafia from Spain, or some mafia banker. One, one, black money, one, they want to hedge the money, hedge their black money into Singapore. Then she asked me, whatever ever knew or not to go help on this part, because you want to pay in full, right? Yeah, I got tell her, you know, the do's and don'ts and all the danger and the risk if I help your ex husband on this part, right? Because I don't want to be like, luckily I didn't do anything about it. Lau, okay, yeah. Why not? Okay, so similar, okay, our various, our various schoolmates and classmates. I think it's a matter of whether you want to keep in touch with them personally. On a more personal note, they may not talk much inside the group chat, but at personal level, correct? Yeah, when you get back in touch with them, I'll reconnect with them. I think everybody has a help or an opinion that they need with different people, right? Sure. Yes, you it's good to reconnect, to be honest. Good point. Yeah, so why not? I mean, it's just a very small effort only like, I think Christine makes a consensus effort to be honest. Yeah. I think guys, most, most

Khaniff Lau  1:13:38  
you know, heavily involved in trying to bring people together,

Speaker 5  1:13:42  
because Christian is not local. It's not Singaporean to begin with. It's an Indonesian. So when he when he comes to Singapore, correct? The first people he missed will be the secondary schoolmates, because that is where he studied, and nowhere else, bro. His whole guardianship is only through secondary school times. After that, he went straight to Australia, really, right, right? So for sure, he will cherish the people he met a lot in Singapore. To him, Singapore is his secondary school times. I mean, we give it to him, lah. But for me, right, I manage Christian's properties, right? Yes, and Christian is not a very easy person to manage the stuff for. He very now, Indonesian typical character, okay, so by his orchard properties. Lah, right. So I manage it for him. I manage his family property, not his his family properties, yeah. And then, of course, he got, sometimes also refer me to other Indonesian friends who bought properties in Singapore. Of course, they no longer can buy already. Lah, right? I mean, there are some the there's some news, right? Obviously, Indonesian properties. If you buy Singapore properties, you have to open up to the government. It's a link system. They will get to see that you're single property, and they tax you. They will tax you Indonesia with your Singapore properties. So they stop buying. So you need to know the limitations between like Indonesian why they stopped buying property in Singapore, and all these things they manage. I only manage all the existing long time ago they bought one.

Khaniff Lau  1:15:06  
Okay, good to know. Yeah. Anyway, catch up again soon, maybe with some of the other guys as well. And actually, Khani,

Speaker 5  1:15:12  
if I give you some suggestion to help you in your business, this is your own business, or you're working for a

Khaniff Lau  1:15:16  
company own, your owner, yeah. But right now we are still exploring use cases. Lau, so wherever we see this potential use case, we explore then we understand, from a technological perspective, what the complexity is in building it. Yeah, and then, and then, after we're going to put together some use cases, some demos, then we will start pitching and see whether there's any any interest. The reason

Speaker 5  1:15:41  
why I can share so much with you, right? Is because I majored in design and graphic, graphical user interface, right? So I very empty. No idea. Man, yes. I very, very empty when it comes down to the tools that can help people. But over time, your passion, my passion in advertising and these kind of things, if it doesn't make you the money. And to do, I don't move on from you. This is a lot of work. It's a lot of work to structure the just to structure the tree, yeah, for a gy to your call to action, yeah, to reach button to the swipe action. All these are pinpoints already, yeah. That will cost you a lot of time to research and And so basically, I know all the in and outs I can share with you what works, what should, how to simplify things are. Because in the in today's time in Asia, it's not about how good and how complicated your tool is, you know, and how much one two can, you know, everybody want to do a super app? Yeah, no, no. Everybody wants a super app. To be honest, you want to be a super app, but you don't become a super app in the beginning. First, if you ask me, if you ask me, the most important one, right? Is creating a technology that is simplified, yes, yes, yes. Very specific use. First, you need to get people to adopt this use. Because, you know, there's a very heavy demand, high demand in this year. You simplify this method. The subscribership is heavy, right? Then you can start to think about, you want to make other features, like a third party integration, or whatsoever, into a superhat? Yeah?

Khaniff Lau  1:17:07  
No, you're spot on. And that's essentially what we're testing for. Now, that's why we've got a couple of we want to kind of like hyper focus on one useful thing, yeah? And if that works, then it works. Then we start pitching. You do that one now, the audio, I told you, yeah. So that's, that was initially my first idea. The rest comes from other, other inputs, here and there. So I'm just kind of like, I have to validate my thesis in order to

Speaker 5  1:17:34  
because there's so many sales, you don't need this for just only real estate, bro, yeah, so many sales line. That helps a lot. Because, you know, at the end of the day, right? It's meetings are only happen either the true phone video, meet or through person. Agree, Agree. There's only few ways to meet for sales to happen, yeah,

Khaniff Lau  1:17:53  
but I think I've been in BD and sales as well. That's why I was like, Hey, this is a pain point for me. You know, I wonder whether it's a pain point for other people like you said, the way you've arrived at your at your work is you, you have to go and click microphone to somebody. But I don't see other sales people doing that, you know? I guess so we all come to our own kind of like solutions and conclusions just to try to make something something.

Speaker 5  1:18:16  
Yeah. I mean, I share with you, I tell you, very advanced techniques that I do that other agent, I'm considered, I'm considered, like, when people see me, people like, oh, you please wear on this. They're like, so shocked. Like, oh, wow, Scott and I explained to them this, because whatever we're going to talk about today, right, correct. I will take note. Correct. I will take note. And in my heart, in my heart, is not enough. I need to take note down, correct, so that both of us know what we just talked about. Yeah, right. You can always find out with me, you know, in the things that I talk about, right? Ah, Scott, you just say something illegal, you know, I use it as a small joke. Lau, I use it as a small joke to

Khaniff Lau  1:18:51  
talk to people. Yeah, no, that's good. Okay, appreciate it, buddy. Thanks so much.

Speaker 5  1:18:55  
At the same time, since you're going to look into this, I suggest that maybe you should try using Zoom. If you have time, you try to pay for zoom as well, because I am not very sure whether zoom already has this feature. Oh, got it, got it, got it, yeah, actually, audio transcription, all of them have transcription features, all them, yeah, I think zoom have, you know, Google me don't have, but I think zoom might have, yeah.

Khaniff Lau  1:19:14  
So that's why we are looking more for like connectors and agentic help. Okay, so basically, is it valuable for this transcription, this summarization, to be delivered as a follow up, you know, to your to your messenger, yeah? And I think that's, that's maybe my, my first pop call, yeah. So I'll check that out first. And once again, you let me know. I'll check in

Speaker 5  1:19:40  
with you again. Okay, again, no problem, okay, all the best I can hope this helps. Cheers buddy. Thanks. Bye, okay, bye, bye, bye.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
