Unknown Speaker  1:18  
100 so

Unknown Speaker  2:18  
the amazing stuff, basically take five pictures, put it into this platform, you will generate five different video formats with your face embedded on it, videos from images and bro. Animation is 10 kilo and one hour.

Unknown Speaker  2:35  
So imagine, as an agent I am now going to listing I went to see the house. You WILL FUCKING pay that shit, right? And I just so their problem is the pricing, because AI is too costly right now. But if you see comparatively paying a videographer getting the video done easily, $500 and more, right, if you're doing a professional so if I give you the convenient pay 50 bucks. Yeah, 50 bucks. So they are 200 200 Aussie, which is like, really testing, you'll get all the big guys, you know, those people selling a lot of houses. I mean, they would drop this, no problem, right? But it's a lot of struggling agents as well. But I think Asia is, is tagged in terms of video content creations a lot. Yes, Australia, I think the labor cost is very high. If I get a professional video, yeah, they pay through the ass, yes. So that really makes sense for these guys, yeah. So I'll send this. So I'll send a list of them. Okay, go and study that. I love the product. Okay, I think if it can be achieved, yeah, to solving the lead generation, curating the leads. But just now you mentioned one pain point. Can you repeat the thing that you were talking about that the agent has to go through? So one of the there's two aspects of it. One is content creation, right? So the savvy ones know how to content create, they will do all the nice bullet points and the messaging is very soon, those who don't know, still scrambling. So that is one big abyss, right? The other one is basically being able to put it on the right channels and do like AB testing whether this I need to tweak how effective is this channel. So more marketing based, more marketing based, because for them right now, a lot of them come to me, so you got anything for lead generation? So we're getting the request. So gone are the days where they are questioning us. Now we are their buddies. Yeah, so they're now going to the next level, any lead generation. So they're asking us. They mean that the pain point is there. No matter what they do, they're not solving the lead generation. So whatever money they're putting out there, they need to be. Like, I say, if I tell you that out of your 20 TV list, I can rank them firstly, that's the one. Okay, so lead generation is more like,

Unknown Speaker  4:53  
more like, clarifying, curating, curating, curating, curation of your your digital Yeah, what does she do? Like, just imagine she's Auntie on the phone, yeah, then 20 people call that day in the office. Yeah, she's picking up 20 calls. She will speak to 20 people, yeah, but she's gonna curate them, right? She's not gonna say that Mr. Tan and Robert and Michelle, yeah, all three the same. No. Michelle is looking for two bedrooms. Yes. She wants to buy within the next three to six months. Arjun, Mr. Tan was just requesting his budget is below 1 million. He wants something cheap. Charlie, just for investment. He just cash out his CPF. So it's completely different approach. You see, this is the painstaking part that if AI can solve,

Unknown Speaker  5:38  
if I can market that way to say, and basically data points. Now, when I do a lead creation generation, yeah, you need to ask the right questions, yeah. And you can have 20 Questions, yeah, but maybe you can have 10 and below that will basically give you the result, yeah. AI should be able to build up on this and say, Okay, I know where this guy goes, Ken, I think I understand the I understand what, what needs to be filled? Yeah? Okay, the digital AI guy was pretty cool Lau, because basically, you can ask the person name me the cheapest unit in this property. I know. I know. No, I'm not, I'm not going that path, yeah, yeah, but it doesn't. It was cool. But first question the developer asked me, so actually think people are going, yes, but not yet. Lau, yeah, not yet. But, you know, I guess where I'm coming from is like, there are so many different kinds of agents, right? And I think I'm, I feel like I can come up with a product that will, that will be useful for most of them right? Because it's going to be human first, like, Where are their friction points? And these are all their friction points, like you said, curation, meetings, preparation and what's the last one?

Unknown Speaker  6:58  
Research and and scheduling, yeah, I think this alone is a product, and so don't sell it as that. Yeah, yeah. We just need to sell it that. Do you want a digital page? Yeah, because you cannot say digital, they will burn you and bury even though that's why doing this is all spin right, yeah. So you can say that, you know, don't pay $3,000 for your auntie. Pay $100 a month, or $200 a month if you want to, you know, like, I don't know, katrijnta Jones kind of level.

Unknown Speaker  7:39  
So whatever it is, right? You need to market it away, and people pay for that. I hear you like, I think, okay, cool, you've given me a lot of inspiration.

Unknown Speaker  7:50  
Always happy to center with you. It's nice to know where you are standing. So how long were you at the previous company? Two and a half years.

Unknown Speaker  8:00  
A lot of that time was in blockchain.

Unknown Speaker  8:05  
Yeah, we talked about that you were in this logistics company for a while, using tech, right? Oh, yeah, that was, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  8:12  
that was before. But yeah, I mean, logistics guy back then, it was software. We were just selling software. Yeah, no, this is cool, because this is not just Singapore. The scalability of it is handful. Yes, you basically can sell the leash. But why I like Singapore is because the property prices are high. These guys sometimes their money, but you'll be surprised, because everybody else outside the market? Yeah, they are actually the cream, right? The volume of transactions and people, and you only look at new homes, then, yeah, to start off with, because that's the highest resale. Ideal resale is mess your your vicious cycle happens, more new homes, seasonal, but quantum high, no, but the GTM, I think, like, I kind of want to pilot with people who are close to us. So, like, maybe there's an agency that you are very close to, we pilot with them first, right? And an agency has, like, a select group of people that maybe gets the best tech, top performers, or whatever, before we scale it to the rest of the organization. Does it work that way? Singapore, different Singapore, you

Unknown Speaker  9:27  
can, you can, but the wave will turn the other way around because, let's say, for example, orange tea, right? Yeah, they have a lot of tech, yeah, because they are so small and they haven't really performed well, yeah, the tech means nothing. So what if you have research tech, this tech,

Unknown Speaker  9:48  
nobody is looking or seeking for it, right? Versus spot Max, with the largest agency in Singapore, the moment they do something, whether it's half ass or whatever it is, the results show they are the top performing agency every launch, yeah. So if they take on bro, 123456, will just gotcha, the wave just comes in. Nobody's asking, Hey, will it's working next. So Singapore market

Unknown Speaker  10:19  
is very funny, in a sense, because you're right. In fact, I was thinking like, we should go to the smaller guys, 1000 unit agent struggling, or more tech driven. So there's a new agency that opened up. No, yeah, Keller Williams. Keller Williams. Keller Williams. Oh, really, yeah. So there's spot Max era Huttons. Who are these guys? Orange tea the Keller Williams is property Ling brothers, oh, oh, my God. So Melvin basically set this up.

Unknown Speaker  10:46  
He's got about 90 agents. They outperform two agencies with 1000 older agents. One is 1001 is a 4000 agents at the last Lau, basically just the best of the best.

Unknown Speaker  10:59  
Basically, to show that size of the dog doesn't it doesn't matter. So, and then prop next is eyeing them as a track, right? Because you've got 90 each year, you can do 40 sales.

Unknown Speaker  11:13  
That's crazy. So, and they're very tech driven, they've got a lot of content. So property name Brothers is video heavy, right? They do a lot of video content, which means viewership is high, exposure is high. They play a good marketing game, yeah. So that helps them in that sense. So that kind of swings over to the agents to leverage them. And they are very us set up. They have a research team to support the agents. They have a production team to support it. So the agent will need to do all

Unknown Speaker  11:42  
these, but their share is different. I think it's 6040, oh, 40% goes to Yeah, because they gotta cover. You gotta cover. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  11:50  
so, you know, so this. So there are people who think that this is the way to do it. I've got the right support. They go for that, yeah, but the old birds, yeah. Why? Why would I give me? Yeah? Can do it the old school way, still doing well, no, they're still, like, literally fishing, right? Like, if you're walking suddenly you say, I want to buy new house. The fellow just pounce, sir. It's my card. Call me. I will bring you the fellow. Just bring you to the new, latest launch. Yeah, and then you'll brainwash you to sell by and then he get the lion's share of the Yes. What do you do? Nothing. You just grab here. Yeah, I hear you. So these are fundamental issues.

Unknown Speaker  12:28  
Sorry, bro, are we? No, no, I think we're good. Yeah, you okay? I'm okay, yeah. I was just competing a bit early for dinner, and then I wanted to have a day and some snacks. I know what. I wanted to have it here, right? But once this was closed, I was like, a bit, yeah, me too, yeah. So it's okay, it's okay.

Unknown Speaker  12:44  
That's fine. But I mean, good, catch up. Lau, give me some time. I'll come back to you, and then if I'm in the east, work it out. Okay, can I always pop by? So are you everyday in office next so next week I'm going to Perth on a short break. And then when I come back, Wednesday, 24th last day break, break. No work at all. No, no. I just like because I honestly there's a lot of AI stuff to catch up on. Okay, so I'll probably double down and, you know, try to flesh out some of these core things that I want to flesh out. Yeah, while I try to posture myself in case the right job comes along, okay? But for the time being, there's, there's a lot to catch up on, for the fun of it, since you're going to, yeah, reach out to an agent, go and see one viewing, go have that experience. Pretend. I think it'd be very useful for you, right for what you are planning to do right now. You really get the mechanics of how agent pictures and all this, right? They might not bother you for a while, but doesn't matter. Yeah, Australians are not as hardball as Singapore, but if you can that'd be great, because Perth is a very strong market for Singaporeans. Ah,

Unknown Speaker  13:56  
really. Very strong market because it's five hours away, same time zone. It's

Unknown Speaker  14:00  
the nearest Australian city and Singapore is likely a fucking flood of Singapore.

Unknown Speaker  14:08  
So a lot of a lot of these Australian states are right, Brisbane as well. Brisbane has changed dramatic. Yeah, when I went back, oh my goodness,

Unknown Speaker  14:19  
Brisbane is gearing up towards Olympics, and I met Arabella there.

Unknown Speaker  14:22  
No, I met Arabella is in Brisbane, based there, yeah. So I messaged her and I was there. I literally caught up with her on her birthday. I didn't know, how is she? She's good. She's good. She was in between jobs. I think she was working with this master planner in Brisbane, yeah. And then I think she got let go, and then she's now doing something else in IDC, okay, she's in Meridian city. Her boys go to carving Grove High School. And I'm like, fuck, that's like,

Unknown Speaker  14:51  
so it was very nice, but Brisbane is a lot of growth because of Olympics, right? They're gearing up towards there, because the fucking property has gone up like crazy. But I felt like takana, I was actually considering, because I Buy stores, yes, of course,

Unknown Speaker  15:07  
people there, but Australian property in general, right, has gone up significantly. I think people are complaining about it across the shortage. First of all, second is basically who's buying all the property?

Unknown Speaker  15:21  
Migrating. People, migrating, migrations, and cost of land has gone up, inflation, interest rates, people don't have the cash flow, right? There's a huge taxation there, yeah, so cash flow is not very high, and then, yeah, it's just difficult for people to afford anything. In fact, a lot of the parents are downsizing, and there's an entire new platform called downsizing, taking care of parents with blended property and backyards, downsize, take the money, give the kids to buy condominiums.

Unknown Speaker  15:55  
It's a whole platform for you. Oh, my God. It's very hyper targeted. Hyper targeted. So different market, but it'd be fun. I mean, if you get a chance, yeah, to go for a viewing, that'd be fun. I'll try. You're following the family, yeah? Just family, family, wife and kids, or why baby and why wife's mom. At least you'll get a chance to get out. Lau, No, trust me,

Unknown Speaker  16:20  
baby, you're never on vacation. But yeah, I know, I know. I know with kids, he's never on vacation. I know. You know my first trip, we went to Penang with my kid, and on the, on the, on the flight, as he was going up, you gave the bottle, right? Because you, you want them to, like, equalize and so on. And then after, after I fed her, I was like, it was this wet weather my first trip. And I was like, going out. I was like, oh shit, babe, we were done, right?

Unknown Speaker  16:55  
Everybody were landing.

Unknown Speaker  17:00  
Yeah, it's different, fun times.

Unknown Speaker  17:03  
Anyway. Have a safe trip. Yeah, thanks. Send my regards to mom, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  17:07  
she's great. She's great. She's She has a new place in issuance, next year, yeah, next year. BTO, okay, she was all the way in Pasir, ris, right? Yeah. She sold that place. Okay, now she's going back and forth. JB, and next year should be an issue. What's the place?

Unknown Speaker  17:28  
No, no, no, it's there.

Unknown Speaker  17:30  
She's on the west side, or the woodland side, Woodland side.

Unknown Speaker  17:37  
Basically, they rented, they rented a place. Yeah, it's very comfortable, nice pool and everything. So they've been happy there. And every time they'll come in to see, see my brother's kid, yeah, yeah, my brother is

Unknown Speaker  17:53  
staying at my brother is see me now, okay, yeah, also good, everything good.

Unknown Speaker  17:59  
Now. He's also taking a short break. He's like teaching and doing his own stuff. So he left for UV a long time ago.

Unknown Speaker  18:08  
After that, he was at another consulting firm. What was that?

Unknown Speaker  18:13  
One of the one of the Accenture.

Unknown Speaker  18:18  
Then he left and now doing some teaching and working on his own stuff. Okay, okay,

Unknown Speaker  18:25  
let's see Bino. I also haven't caught up with

Unknown Speaker  18:27  
him, you know, I do. I think we caught up recently with Zara. And yeah, I was trying. Oh yeah, yeah, that's okay. I mean, I always give you a shout out whenever. I mean, actually, I'll see if I can come for your coffee and beets. Yes, which is

Unknown Speaker  18:47  
coffee and drinks? Nice. What's happening? Just because you don't go clubbing doesn't mean you can't enjoy some music.

Unknown Speaker  19:03  
You pay through your teeth. You have to think about your transportation. It's not cheap anymore. You are left hanging waiting for a cab. Your whole tire go goes down fast, and then by the time you get home, you look at the expenditure for that one day.

Unknown Speaker  19:20  
Oh, my God, this is, this is like a small staycation or a vacation that I could have done. And I think all of us, we drink coffee anyway. You know, to spend some time with some good music and some good people, makes sense for the cafes as well. So I think, yeah, I think it'll be a good brand. Man, yeah. Hopefully should grow it, yeah, absolutely, yeah, man, right, which is over there.

Unknown Speaker  19:50  
So where along Bali Lake, which is you're going to party right

Unknown Speaker  20:00  
there, go, come back and

Unknown Speaker  20:12  
iconic.

Unknown Speaker  20:19  
I'm

Unknown Speaker  20:23  
Yeah, our body is like, is a cake, yeah, it's

Unknown Speaker  20:29  
a cake of soup.

Unknown Speaker  20:31  
Literally, literally, this is a new place, if you can, oh,

Unknown Speaker  20:50  
on this place, I have to give it to them, resilient.

Unknown Speaker  20:55  
Somehow. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  21:00  
go.

Unknown Speaker  21:10  
Somehow they have to keep themselves. So

Unknown Speaker  21:17  
do you ever want fresh one So instead

Unknown Speaker  21:25  
of paying like 53,

Unknown Speaker  21:42  
months,

Unknown Speaker  22:00  
the role

Unknown Speaker  22:16  
was very intense, so once I realized how definitely could look. Definitely go look for cheap. What about

Unknown Speaker  22:41  
you is that yours cycle? Right? Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  22:42  
remember there was one time I found in Khani like Changi Oh, this guy was on a bike with friends. I

Unknown Speaker  23:21  
Oh, my God. I

Unknown Speaker  23:40  
do

Unknown Speaker  24:00  
I.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
